For a very renowned company in Fribourg, I'm currently looking for a Senior GL Accountant. Your main task will be to provide accounting and closing sills to ensure accurate accounts and timely reporting to the company.

Your responsibilities:

Accounting & Reporting

    Support preparation of monthly financial closing according to IFRS and local legal requirements including the financial reporting

    Ensure the creation and maintenance of adequate accounting records to meet local legal requirements

    Adoption of new accounting standards and new requirements

    Coordination with stakeholders to ensure accurate financial data (Local Finance organization, Consolidation and Reporting team, Group treasury, Supply Chain, etc.).

    Full balance sheet accounts reconciliations and balance sheet reviews with local and divisional stakeholders as well as ensure timely cleanup of overdue items.

    Deal under control with tax advisors and tax authorities to handle tax requirements such as VAT, etc. Preparation and processing of General Ledger transactions. Update daily sales reports.

Compliance and Internal Control

    Maintain a “strong and no exception” control environment.

    Assist with specific tax, compliance and audit reporting processes and for the entity, providing necessary data to internal and external authorities, and acting as a FSC point of contact for stakeholders for questions about reporting and/or compliance processes or results.

    Ensure compliance with the Financial Control Manual and SOX 404 through maintenance of relevant FRA internal controls, reconciliations, documentation management (Standard Operating Procedures).

    Setup/maintenance of the local chart of accounts/master data and cost center hierarchy in the ERP systems SAP/JDE in collaboration with the affiliate and the GL Manager.

    Support finance related process changes to achieve best practice by proactively identifying gaps to standards, initiating and formulating change projects with IT and Finance management.

Change Management / Projects

    Support FRA initiatives and projects led by other departments or sites.

    Cooperation with other business units in driving X-Bus efficiencies and standardization.

Your profile:

    Accounting/ Economics diploma or degree.

    Fluent in German and English, both written and spoken is a must have

    Big4 or other audit company experience is a must have

    3-5+ or more years of experience in similar role, knowledge and practice of IFRS, knowledge of local tax (Income tax/VAT), knowledge of SAP/JDE, good communication skills.


Work location is Fribourg and there are excellent career opportunities available as well as a good salary, bonus and benefits like fitness center onsite, meals subsidized and more.

If you are interested to work for one of the most well named companies in the world, I'm looking forward to receive your application now!
