Who are we?

    Batmaid.com is the UBER for home cleaning in Switzerland and Luxembourg. We offer the easiest way to hire a trusted, insured and declared professional cleaning agent in a few clicks.
    We are a double sided, vertical internet platform that pairs cutting edge technology, startup mindset and 5-star customer service. We optimize every aspect of the home-cleaning industry.
    We are currently focused on the B2C market with more than 10’000 clients and 1’000 maids all over Switzerland and Luxembourg. We are growing rapidly every month and will soon extend to the B2B cleaning business and our platform to offer other services such as plumbers or electricians.
    Our goal is to become #1 platform for home services in Switzerland.
    Our team is composed of 30 conquerors with strong academic backgrounds as well as entrepreneurial and managerial experience.

Our mission

    Our mission is to revolutionize the home cleaning industry. For too long, home cleaners have missed recognition in their hard work and have suffered from the injustice of the black market.
    We see it as our duty to legitimize an industry with the goal to change the perception of cleaning agents. We want to create a more responsible world.
    We strive to improve the working conditions of cleaners and offer an end-to-end hotellike experience for the best value for money and consequently bring a smile on the face of every party involved.
    We aim at providing the best client experience in terms of user-friendliness of our platform, reliability and quality of our services paired with an unparalleled customer support.

Your mission

    Fight against the black market to collect missing trust mandates
    Manage the follow up of trust mandates
    Deal with legal entities using your Geronimo negotiating style
    Help our Batmaids with their administration papers
    Office management

Your weapons

    Focused on self-improvement
    Perfect command of the software tools (Pack Office)
    Fluent in French or German
    English mandatory

Additional information and treats

    12 month full-time position
    Loads of responsibilities from day 1 and coaching from your devoted manage
    Place to learn, grow and surpass yourself. Unique skills to be developed
    Young and extremely dynamic Team. Many after-works, events and team building!
    Our Lausanne office is in the biggest co-working space in Switzerland: Gotham!

