CERN

    Switzerland
    £Attractive
    Permanent

Apply for this job

Job ref: BE-BI-SW-2019-3

As a software developer specialising in C++ programming your main tasks will be to develop, test, operationally deploy and maintain the acquisition and control software for various accelerator beam instrumentation systems installed throughout the CERN accelerator complex, including the Large Hadron Collider (LHC).

The job will involve:

    Developing C++ software for the control and acquisition of new instruments using the software frameworks employed at CERN.
    Maintaining and upgrading existing software in close collaboration with instrument specialists and end-users.
    Assisting the users (operators, specialists, physicists etc) in the exploitation of the instruments, taking on board their feedback in order to further optimise performance.
    Contributing to the improvement of software engineering practices in the Beam Instrumentation Group.

Bachelor's degree or equivalent relevant experience in the field of information technologies, or a related field.

Experience:

    This post requires demonstrated experience in the field of computer engineering with emphasis on C++ programming.
    Experience in the field of graphical user interface design using Java, Python or C++ would be an advantage.

Technical competencies:

    Knowledge of programming techniques and languages.
    Development of system software (drivers, system configuration and monitoring, etc).
    Testing, diagnosing and optimization of software.
    Development of software for embedded and real-time systems with/without OS.
    Conceptualizing, designing and developing user experiences and interfaces.

Language skills:

    Spoken and written English or French: ability to draw-up technical reports and to make oral presentations in at least one of the two languages.

Eligibility and closing date:

Diversity has been an integral part of CERN's mission since its foundation and is an established value of the Organization. Employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We welcome applications from all Member States and Associate Member States.

This vacancy will be filled as soon as possible, and applications should normally reach us no later than 10.03.2019
