Nestlé Skin Health is a global leader in improving the quality of life by delivering innovative medical solutions for the health of skin, hair and nails throughout people's lives. Nestle Skin Health aims to meet the needs of healthcare professionals and consumers through constant innovation in technology and products to protect and improve the health of the skin and treat skin diseases.
Nestlé Skin Health is a subsidiary of Nestlé.
For our Strategic Innovation Group Rx (SIG) dedicated to our Prescription business based in the Lausanne region of Switzerland, we are currently looking for:
Head of Molecular Dermatology (H/F)
In an innovative and dynamic environment, you will be attached to the Director of Research and will be:
Responsible for the strategy, conduct and interpretation of the Global Molecular Dermatology activities (genomics, proteomics, metabolomics, morphology and molecular histology, bioinformatics and biological interpretation) necessary for identification, design and development future systemic (oral, biological) and topical drug candidates for SIG Rx.
Activities and responsibilities :
• Contributes to define the future strategic areas of Research of the SIG Rx.

    Participates in the implementation of the Research Strategy in line with the overall strategy of the SIG Rx and implements the corresponding technological solutions.
    Proposes the strategy in Molecular Dermatology in line with the global strategy of the SIG Rx
    Contributes to the evaluation and prioritization of projects in the SIG Rx Research portfolio.
    Organizes the bio-marker strategy necessary for the preclinical and clinical evaluation of the targets of the SIG Rx portfolio and contributes to its implementation.
    Defines the needs, selects and maintains a pool of CRO partners to conduct the Molecular Dermatology activities needed to implement the SIG strategy.
    Organizes and directs the activities of Molecular Dermatology in the Research and Development phase, necessary to ensure the clinical evaluation of a portfolio of innovative projects aligned with the strategy of the SIG Rx.
    Organizes and directs the interaction with the CRO partners for all Molecular Dermatology activities including the bio-marker strategy of the research portfolio projects.
    Contributes to the articulation of Molecular Dermatology activities for the Rx SIG with the relevant Nestlé research platforms (NIHS and NRC) when needed.
    Contributes to the definition of the innovation strategy in the field of biology and participates in the implementation of the selected strategies.
    Contributes to TI / TV activities to maintain an innovative and competitive research project portfolio for SIG Rx.
    Contributes to the identification, selection and management of strategic collaborations of the Research Department of SIG Rx.
    Provides scouting, evaluation, and recommends opportunities for licensing and / or internalization of molecules and / or projects in the different phases of Research and Development.
    Contributes to the management of the global research budget of SIG Rx.
    Contributes to maximizing the value proposition of Research and Development projects.
    Contributes to the visibility of Nestlé skin Health Research at international level (conferences, collaborations, KOL etc. ...).

Expected qualifications :
• PhD in general biology or PhD in a discipline of molecular biology (genomics, proteomics, metabolomics ...).

    Post-doctorate in an academic or industrial environment - preferably abroad.
    Academic training or acquired through the experience of pharmacokinetics and pharmacology in vitro and in vivo.
    Academic or experiential training in the drug discovery and development process and in particular in the development of monoclonal antibodies.
    Academic or experiential training in multidisciplinary team management. 

• You have minimum 15 years of expertise in academic or industrial research in the field of in vitro and in vivo pharmacology associated with human health, of which an important part in the field of molecular biology (omics).

    You have excellent knowledge of bio-marker approaches in clinical research.
    You have demonstrated a successful experience conducting collaborative research programs with external partners.
    You have good knowledge of skin biology and dermatological pathologies, immunology and biology of inflammatory processes of inflammation.
    You have excellent knowledge of development processes and early clinical development in particular.
    Excellent teaching and presentation skills are expected, as well as an excellent leadership capacity with a multicultural and multidisciplinary team.
    You have gained international recognition for your work (conferences, publications, patents).
    You speak and write English fluently.

Location: Lausanne Region, Switzerland.
Date: As of Q2 2018

Primary Location
: Switzerland-VD-Lausanne
Job
: Research/Development
Organization
: Galderma
Schedule
: Full-time
Job Posting
: Oct 24, 2018, 2:16:50 PM
