Department: Olympic Games

Location: Lausanne, Switzerland

Contract Type: Open-ended

Activity Level: 100%

Entry Date: 01/04/2019

Deadline to apply: 14/03/2019

Mission

The Head of Ticketing oversees the effective planning and delivery of all Games’ Ticketing Programmes.

Main responsibilities

Organising Committees (OCOGs)

    Oversees the effective planning and delivery of all Ticketing Programmes for the Olympic Games, Olympic Winter Games and the Youth Olympic Games.
    Acts as the IOC Ticketing primary contact with Organising Committees (OCOGs) from planning to operations and to post-Games reconciliation.
    Supports optimal revenue generation from Ticketing to support the funding of the Games.
    Oversees the OCOGs’ appointment and operation with their selected Ticketing Systems and Services Provider (TSP), ensuring it meets all applicable technical, operational and service level requirements. Drives the IOC’s effective implementation of its own TSP strategies.
    Ensures OCOGs deliver engaging national ticket sales and distribution programmes with the local public, including bespoke programmes with schools, local partners, and municipalities.
    Ensures OCOGs deliver global ticket sales and distribution programmes, including with NOCs and their Authorized Ticket Resellers (ATRs).
    Monitors the OCOGs’ implementation of robust ticketing integrity and enforcement programmes, with fully developed guidelines, policies and procedures, implemented with ticket purchasers.
    Improves and modernises Olympic Ticketing, including applying industry best practices and trends (and notably digital e-ticket solutions), and their implementation with the Games.
    Stays abreast of all relevant Ticketing legislation applicable to the sports and entertainment industry and supports the application of best practices for the Ticketing programmes.
    Organises, facilitates and reports on periodic meetings with each OCOG to monitor progress.
    Conducts all tasks needed to support the effective planning and delivery of the Programmes.

Olympic Family Stakeholders

    Ensures that the IOC and other Olympic Family stakeholders’ ticketing rights and services are properly delivered. Works with relevant IOC teams to ensure high quality servicing.
    Maintains collaborative relationships with the ATRs and supports them and OCOGs towards win-win solutions for the successful implementation of international sales.
    Assists OCOGs to oversee all stakeholders’ effective participation within the Programme.

Responsibilities within the Internal Organisation

    Leads certain working groups including integrity & enforcement and seating bowl management.
    Effectively collaborates with relevant external advisors and expertise.
    Collaborates with the Unit’s Project Manager to monitor the multiple Ticketing Programmes’ tasks and milestones be planned efficiently and according to schedule.
    Collaborates with the Unit’s Project Manager to keep all the Ticketing management tools and transfer of knowledge up to date, including reporting, data, analytics, and research.
    Develops the Unit’s yearly Ticketing budget and ensures it is implemented optimally.
    Supports with any projects or matters as may be needed at times to support the Unit.

Education, language capabilities and IT Competencies

    At least eight years’ experience in leading international Ticketing programmes or projects.
    Specific experience in Olympic Ticketing or other relevant areas at the Games an advantage.
    Languages: fluent English. Knowledge of French or other languages an advantage.
    Proven experience of international and multicultural environments and working with diplomacy.
    Excellent command of corporate tools and compliance with the internal usage rules (SharePoint, Skype for Business, Live Link, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, etc.).
